toolbar: flat vertical gradient
toolbar.color: rgb:4/4/4
toolbar.colorTo: rgb:2/2/2
toolbar.button: parentrelative
toolbar.button.picColor: white
toolbar.button.pressed: flat vertical gradient
toolbar.button.pressed.color: rgb:6/6/6
toolbar.button.pressed.colorTo: rgb:8/8/8
toolbar.label: parentrelative
toolbar.label.textColor: white
toolbar.windowLabel: parentrelative
toolbar.windowLabel.textColor: white
toolbar.clock: parentrelative
toolbar.clock.textColor: white
toolbar.justify: center
toolbar.font: dejavusans-10

toolbar.iconbar.focused: flat vertical gradient
toolbar.iconbar.focused.color: rgb:5/5/5
toolbar.iconbar.focused.colorTo: rgb:3/3/3
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused: parentrelative
toolbar.iconbar.empty: parentrelative

menu.title: flat vertical gradient
menu.title.color: rgb:4/4/4
menu.title.colorTo: rgb:2/2/2
menu.title.textColor: white
menu.title.font: dejavusans-10
menu.title.justify: center

menu.frame: flat vertical gradient
menu.frame.color: rgb:6/6/6
menu.frame.colorTo: rgb:4/4/4
menu.frame.textColor: white
menu.frame.disableColor: rgb:4/4/4
menu.frame.font: dejavusans-10
menu.frame.justify: left

menu.bullet.position: right
menu.bullet: triangle

menu.hilite: flat vertical gradient
menu.hilite.color: rgb:e/e/e
menu.hilite.colorTo: rgb:8/8/8
menu.hilite.textColor: black

window.title.focus: flat vertical gradient
window.title.focus.color: rgb:4/4/4
window.title.focus.colorTo: rgb:2/2/2
window.title.unfocus: flat vertical gradient
window.title.unfocus.color: rgb:6/6/6
window.title.unfocus.colorTo: rgb:4/4/4

window.label.focus: parentrelative
window.label.focus.textColor: white
window.label.focus.justify: center
window.label.unfocus: parentrelative
window.label.unfocus.textColor: rgb:3/3/3
window.label.unfocus.justify: center

window.button.focus: parentrelative
window.button.focus.picColor: white
window.button.unfocus: parentrelative
window.button.unfocus.picColor: black
window.button.pressed: flat vertical gradient
window.button.pressed.color: rgb:6/6/6
window.button.pressed.colorTo: rgb:8/8/8

window.handle.focus: flat vertical gradient
window.handle.focus.color: rgb:4/4/4
window.handle.focus.colorTo: rgb:4/4/4
window.handle.unfocus: flat vertical gradient
window.handle.unfocus.color: rgb:6/6/6
window.handle.unfocus.colorTo: rgb:6/6/6

window.grip.focus: parentrelative
window.grip.unfocus: parentrelative

window.frame.focusColor: rgb:4/4/4
window.frame.unfocusColor: rgb:4/4/4

window.font: dejavusans-10
window.justify: center

borderColor: rgb:4/4/4

bevelWidth: 2
borderWidth: 0
handleWidth: 1

*textColor: white
*Font: dejavusans-10

background: flat
background.color: rgb:1/1/1

bbpager.desktop.focus: flat interlaced crossdiagonal gradient
bbpager.desktop.focus.color: rgb:6/9/c
bbpager.desktop.focus.colorTo: rgb:3/48/6

